Goal of project is to create application that will run on DJI RC510B remote turning it into gaming controller with ability to show aditional information on it's built-in screen.
General structure of our project:

1. Flutter app (already created empty project in folder ./flutter). Will be running on controller itself collecting data partially by itself from Android device and partially from connected by usb Raspbery Py Pico(because some buttons are not available in android app because of DJI software limitations). It should connect to server on PC and be able to transfer all collected data with minimal delay via Wi-fi connection. And also it should provide interface for displayng data that is sent from PC or display additional configurable buttons/dials/switches.
2. Raspberry Py Pico (code for it should be placed in ./python/raspberry folder that i created). Should read C1, C2, Both half- and full-press of shutter button, pause, return to home, three position switch (has two output pins, when 1 shorted to ground read state 1, when 2 shorted to ground - state 3, when neither - state 2), and two additional buttons that i also whired to let's call them circle and arrow(don't know what they actually called). All buttons (except 3 position switch which i explained before) are working by shorting on ground when pressed all will be provided with external pullup resistors. Raspberry code should read state of all pins and provide it to android app, by usb connection with minimum delay. For better configuration there should be config file that will define which button wired to which raspberry pin. (or maybe some other way to easily configure this that you can came up with.)
3. Python server(./python/server folder). Should run on PC allow robust and stable wifi connection with reconnects for controller, have way to stream some data to app via this connection and read all comands that coming from it. Most of input should be funneled into VJoi app to be transformed into vitrual joistic, but there also should be room for setting up some signals to do other functions (for example slider shown on screen of controller should be able to control sound level in system or button to pause or switch to next music track). So there should be way to configure those inputs and also adopt if there will be layout changes on android app to allow flexibility in configuring new inputs and input types. Maybe some frontend for ease of configuring.
